# ExecuteActionToolResponse

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Error** | Pointer to **string** | Error message, if any, when executing the action. | [optional] 
**ResultURL** | Pointer to **string** | The URL, if any, pointing to the output generated by the Action Tool after executing an action. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewExecuteActionToolResponse

`func NewExecuteActionToolResponse() *ExecuteActionToolResponse`

NewExecuteActionToolResponse instantiates a new ExecuteActionToolResponse object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewExecuteActionToolResponseWithDefaults

`func NewExecuteActionToolResponseWithDefaults() *ExecuteActionToolResponse`

NewExecuteActionToolResponseWithDefaults instantiates a new ExecuteActionToolResponse object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetError

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) GetError() string`

GetError returns the Error field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetErrorOk

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) GetErrorOk() (*string, bool)`

GetErrorOk returns a tuple with the Error field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetError

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) SetError(v string)`

SetError sets Error field to given value.

### HasError

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) HasError() bool`

HasError returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetResultURL

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) GetResultURL() string`

GetResultURL returns the ResultURL field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetResultURLOk

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) GetResultURLOk() (*string, bool)`

GetResultURLOk returns a tuple with the ResultURL field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetResultURL

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) SetResultURL(v string)`

SetResultURL sets ResultURL field to given value.

### HasResultURL

`func (o *ExecuteActionToolResponse) HasResultURL() bool`

HasResultURL returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


